(PDK-1416) Support Gemfile source option (#262)
puppetlabs/pdk-templates: README.md

| Key            | Description   |
| :------------- |:--------------|
|required|Allows you to specify gems that are required within the Gemfile. Gems can be defined here within groups, for example we use the :development gem group to add in several gems that are relevant to the development of any module and the :system_tests gem group for gems relevant only to acceptance testing.|
|optional|Allows you to specify additional gems that are required within the Gemfile. This key can be used to further configure the Gemfile through assignment of a value in the .sync.yml file.|

>Within each Gem group defined using the options above one or more gem item definitions may be listed in an array. Each item in that array must be a gem item hash.

| Gem Item Hash Keys | Description  |
| :----------------- |:-------------|
|gem|Required option specifying the gem name.|

> |version|Required option to specify version or range of versions required usin RubyGem version syntax.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|version|Required option to specify version or range of versions required using [RubyGem version syntax](https://guides.rubygems.org/patterns/#pessimistic-version-constraint).|
```

Author: Good catch on the typo and good idea on the link.
